Update Imagick to v7 for enhanced preview provider support (#3765)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/manual_installation/server_prep_ubuntu_20.04.adoc

Post upgrading pear, you can safely remove the directory `/tmp/pear/cache`.

> Please see the xref:php-imagick-library[php-imagick Library] section for reasons installing an updated version of ImageMagic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the xref:php-imagick-library[php-imagick Library] section for reason to install an updated version of ImageMagic. 
```

- Enable the module by running `phpenmod smbclient`.
- Restart PHP and your web server by running the following command:
+
[source,console]
----
sudo service apache2 restart
----

NOTE: Do not get confused by the name `smbclient`. It is on the one hand a
{smbclient_url}[command-line SMB/CIFS client for Unix], and on the other hand the package
name for the {pecl_url}[PECL smbclient] PHP extension

NOTE: Alternatively you can install `smbclient` from {libsmbclient-php_url}[source].

== php-imagick Library

> When using new or extended formats for previews like HEIC or SVG, the standard installation of ImageMagic 6 and its php-imagick wrapper version 3.4 lacks providing this functionality. You have to manually install ImageMagic 7 and an updated php wrapper. To do so, follow the xref:installation/manual_installation/manual_imagick7.adoc[Install an Updated Imagick Version] guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using new or extended formats for previews like HEIC or SVG, the standard installation of ImageMagic 6 and its php-imagick wrapper version 3.4 lacks this functionality. You have to manually install ImageMagic 7 and an updated php wrapper. To do so, follow the xref:installation/manual_installation/manual_imagick7.adoc[Install an Updated Imagick Version] guide.
```
